# Moon-Cakes-Studio
PRIVACY POLICY Moon Cakes Studio
PRIVACY POLICY

Sergey Stenkin and his affiliated persons ("We", "Us", "Nashi", "Moon Cakes Studio") respect the rights to the privacy of our users and undertake to protect the information collected through its online products, applications and websites , as well as the mobile game "Tap Head Crash". Sergey Stenkin accepted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain how we collect, store, transfer, use and disclose information collected in connection with our Services. Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to information received or received by Sergey Stenkin through the use of our services.
INSTALLATION, USE, REGISTRATION OR OTHER MOVEMENT OF OUR SERVICES YOU AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND PROVIDE A INFORMED AND OPERATIONAL AGREEMENT FOR TREATMENT OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER OR ACCESS OUR SERVICES.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at sergeistenkin@gmail.com.
 
# Collection and use of information
Sergei Stenkin collects information as described below. The main tasks of Sergey Stenkin in the collection and use of information is to provide you with services, improve our services, communicate with you, create your account, analyze the use of the Services, provide the customer and technical support, manage and provide the Services and create reports for internal use.
You can provide us with your personal data and other personal and non-personal information whenever you interact with our Services, including, without limitation, when searching for our Services, participating in a tender, questioning or questionnaire, placing an order or communicating with us by phone or electronic mail.
We store information on servers located in the US and can store information about servers and equipment in other countries.
# Types of information we collect
Personal information means personal data that can be used to identify, contact or locate that person, including, for example, a name, alias, mailing address, credit card information, friends' connections, device ID, email address or phone number, and any other non-public information about you that is associated with or related to any of the above data. Types of personal information may vary depending on the type of activity in which you are participating.
Personal information you provide us with such situations, but are not limited to: registration for Services, competitions and special events; subscription to newsletters; applying for technical support; software update; Access to the Services using a third-party identifier, such as social networking sites or gaming services; providing information about the work; use "share with a friend" or other similar functions; and otherwise through the use of our Services, where personal information is required for use and / or participation. If you decide to use our "share with a friend" or a similar service about our services, Sergey Stenkin will keep the name and contact details of your friend that you provide to us. Please note that some of the Services functions can be connected to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Sergey Stenkin can receive certain information from your social network profile, if it allows your site on the social network, and when you agree to allow the social networking site to provide this information to Sergei Stenkin. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile image, gender, user ID, email address, country, your language, your time zone, organizations and links on your profile page, names and profile photos of your social networking site friends "and other information that you have included in your social networking site profile. Sergey Stenkin can associate and / or combine, and also use the information collected by Sergey Stenkin and / or received through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal information means data that does not itself identify you directly or is not related to your personal information. In addition, non-personal information means data collected by Sergey Stenkin or third-party analytical software about the use of our Services, from which any identifiable individuals are removed. Types of non-personal data that Sergey Stenkin can collect and use include, but are not limited to: device properties (for example, a unique device identifier), device software platform, firmware, mobile phone carrier, zip code, code and location of the region, game account, other non-personal data that is reasonably required by Sergey Stenkin to improve our services.
# Information collected by technology
Our servers (which can be hosted by a third-party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, application software, IP address (number automatically assigned to your computer when using the Internet, which can vary from session to session) , domain name, date / time for your visits to the Sites or the use of our Services, such as your device, etc.
We can use cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags, clean GIFs and Web beacons, to collect information about the date and time of your visit to our site and the information for which you were searching and which you were browsing. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while browsing the website. We can use both the session cookie (which expire after the closure of your web browser) and permanent Cookies (which remain on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience in our Services. Persistent cookies can be deleted by following the instructions in the Internet browser browser help file. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas or functions of our services may not work correctly.
Sergey Stenkin considers information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
# Our policy on minors
Sergei Stenkin is serious about the inviolability of the privacy of minors and encourages parents and / or guardians to play an active role in their experience with children. We do not purposely collect personal information from users under the age of 13 without parental consent. We require that device owners specify their age before collecting personal information. If we pay attention to the fact that Personal information was received from a person under the age of 13, we will remove this information as soon as possible. If you believe that we may have personal information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us at sergeistenkin@gmail.com
How information is used, distributed and disclosed
We do not sell and do not normally disclose your Personal Information to third parties without your consent. Parents have the right to consent to the collection and use of personal information from their child without consent to its disclosure to third parties, since we do not convey information that can be obtained from your child. We use personal, non-personal information, among other things, to monitor system performance, analyze internal business systems, improve our services, fulfill requests for additional products and services, contact you about advertising and marketing activities, and conduct research.
# Examples of how we share and disclose your information are:
- We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in accordance with the requirements of law enforcement agencies or other government officials in connection with the investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, protection of our rights and / or your security or the safety of others or other activities that are illegal or may subject you or Sergey Stenkin to legal liability.
- Sergey Stenkin can use and disclose to Sergey Stenkin's partners and contractors collected information for the analysis of the use of the Services, advertising, management and provision of the Services, as well as for further development of the Services and other services and products of Sergey Stenkin. We can use third-party companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. We will provide such persons with access to certain information necessary for the performance of their functions, but will take measures to ensure that they can not use it for other purposes. We exchange information only as described above, and with third parties who are either covered by this Privacy Policy or in a privacy policy that at least protects this Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that third-party companies used by Sergey Stenkin can combine information collected with other information that they have independently collected from other services or products related to your activities. These companies collect and use information in accordance with their privacy policies.
- We can reorganize as a business entity, acquire companies, subsidiaries or business units or enter into joint ventures with third parties. In any of these types of transactions, any information you provide can be one of the transferred business assets.
Links to other sites and social networking features
Our Services may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Sergey Stenkin. Please note that we are not responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of such other sites. We recommend that you know when you leave our site and read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information. This privacy policy applies only to information collected by our Services.
Please pay attention to the open nature of certain social networks and other open functions of the Services that Sergey Stenkin can provide you. You can disclose information about yourself in the process of providing content generated by users to our Services. Any information that you disclose on any of these forums, blogs, chat rooms, etc., is publicly available information, and there is no expectation of confidentiality or confidentiality. We are not responsible for any personal data that you choose for publication on any of these forums.
# Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We comply with generally accepted industry standards for the protection of personal information provided to us, both during the transfer and after its receipt. However, the method of transmission over the Internet, or the method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we can not guarantee its absolute safety. While no security system is completely secure, we and our third-party partners and contractors take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information we collect. For us this includes, but is not limited to,
# Data storage
Sergey Stenkin keeps the data collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy if a longer period of storage is not required or permitted by law. After that, if the collected information is no longer needed for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Sergey Stenkin removes all the above-mentioned data at his disposal. Even if the data is changed or deleted, Sergey Stenkin can still save some data to resolve disputes, enforce Sergey Stenkin's user agreements and comply with technical and legal requirements regarding the security, integrity and operation of the Services.
# Changes to this Privacy Policy
Sergey Stenkin reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy within a reasonable time, so please review it frequently. We can update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practice. If we make any significant changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on our website together with an updated Privacy Policy. We recommend that you periodically review this page for the latest information about our Privacy Policy.
# Contact us
Sergey Stenkin welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please contact us at:
Attn: privacy policy issues
E-mail: sergeistenkin@gmail.com
